Hello friends with you Maracas
today I would like to show you the fight on
tank i-6 this is my new straight very me
like to ride it and in this
case i play in the cocking sleep sixth
to others and with type 59 quite good platoon
It turned out that is normal for us to win
the most generally effective, I think it is
play platoon with others and let us become
because they have a great dpm too
good armor and they are good at
push together because neighbor
the battle
probably few tanks have such armor
how are you for 6
I just do not advertise this tank
give my opinion about him to me he
really like it though he certainly has
its shortcomings and first of all it
long mixing and poor accuracy in
In principle, I even farm with gold
a little there for 25 30 thousand turns out well
depending on whether you will fall
punch or not right now i get up here
why I'm not going to such a position
street with deuce because 30 deuce
there will be one
that is, with me we will be there together and I
I think we can hardly keep there
whole crowd
but another of the 6 is catching up and now
I'm already on courage I drive up because
I understand that from 6 to which now
will drive up he will already allow us fine here
keep even a large number of enemies to
besides there is no art as you probably know
this place is very well shelled
artoy
I really don't like this place
she still
arts have no one here to stand well
because the enemies are represented by the sides
they can easily go there to criticize
there in and styling
something else even often at this place
blow up the ammo every soviet
tanks especially and now the enemies are completely
brazen they leave us think that
now we can easily push here
This of the 6 you generally insolent first
rides and already when received only
drives off of course I don't have it now
punching at such an angle domishi what
everything is in smoke and there is a battle
focus precisely from a 6 you need to destroy
that tank which has the least hp and here
get it all the same
Now I take on the Pershing needed
punch these glasses
top of course from afar to target them
difficult but close
quite possibly here to 4 tries I do n't know
something to do substitutes the side of the tower
where is it
all punch and knocks on I
of course here got up to kill t-150 and
even I thought about me to go further
can stand up just there they still
ambush in which there is not already there, they can be
say give way already surrendered and
I hope that they can do something
do and the enemies have already lost in general
battle
Quite a quick fight. Why did I want him?
show say i decided it to you to
you saw what a huge dpm just in
this tank is just on us a few
tanks left there what speed i
put there damage 3,800 I dealt damage and
even if this
sovzvodny ministry did not drive up I
of course I’d take them all apart
the tank is just fine
melee
very good armor but really need to be
patient need to shoot only then
we were led
almost completely otherwise the projectile can
fly away even at close range
it is unknown where and here it is still apt-5
it turns out great to punch him in
top of the tower and now it substitutes
the side of the tower I always advise
shoot it in the side of the tower if anyone 5
substitutes because there pierce very
easy but in the tracks there even board
sometimes you can not penetrate well here in general
then all the fast fights look with what
I inflicted a speed of 4,570 to mages in
in general, I liked it but sorry
Of course I can not master thanks for
viewing
successful battles to you and soon there will be a video on
other direct possible on izu sixth already
will be soon
because it's nice to ride it
you can have a lot of fights good luck
friends bye